Antitariff is a script for automatically producing the necessary
Java/Scala/Groovy import statements for classes. Besides looking through your
current git repository for existing imports, it also knows how to search Maven,
Gradle, Grails, and Leiningen caches as well as common locations for Java jars
in a number of Linux distributions for classes.

The main script is antitariff-find. Put it somewhere in your path, eg
  sudo cp antitariff-find /usr/local/bin/

The basic usage is to call the script with the filename your are working on and
the class you are looking for.
  antitariff-find MyClass.java DefaultHttpClient

If successful, it emits an import statement appropriate for the language you
are working in. It will first search the existing import statements of the git
repository you are in (and you currently *must* be in a git repository). If
that fails, it will look in the index (stored at ~/.antitariff) for matching
classes.

You can have the script regenerate the index by passing -H at the beginning of
your query. This may take a while, but all future searches will benefit from
the results. You'll need to re-run it with -H whenever new jars which you care
about are downloaded into the supported caches.

A basic integration with Emacs is also included. To use it, copy antitariff.el
somewhere in your load path, then
  (require 'antitariff)
in your .emacs .

The main function is antitariff-import-class-at-point, which does all the work
of adding the import statement for you; you don't even have to leave where you
were. You should be able to just bind it to a key like below and use it
immediately.
  (global-set-key (kbd "<f9>") 'antitariff-import-class-at-point)

In some cases, there are packages which you never, ever want imported, but
which end up sullying your Maven/Gradle cache by transitive dependencies
anyway. You can exclude these by puting exclusion regexes one per line in
~/.antitariff-blacklist. A reasonable example follows. (Note leading space is
relevant, since these match import statements rather than class names. Here it
is backslash-escaped for clarity.)

  \ groovy\.
  \ groovyx\.
  \ grails\.
  codehaus
  repackaged

